

alright here’s the brain dump. 
topday we are getting ourt life together. 

the idea here is that i will gradually leverage ai manager to help me be literally my manager. 

literally my personbal executive coach and assistant. 

someone I talk to every day. 
someone that can help me help it help me optimize my growth, my performance,m my life structure execution and all. 

so what that looks like practically is tackling what I need to. 
tackling things gets overwhelming because there’s a million things to tackle. 

you can deconstruct it all into 100 step process. 
fuck that. 

i need help staying grounded and if there happen to me multiple steps to a process I don’t want to have tofigure it out

i don’t want to have to pick and choose and waste my energy making executive decisions. 

we’re here to delegate as much as humanly possible. 

so, please understand that beyond the levels of coordination I can see where the best manifestations of free writing comes. 

the context is that this is stream of consciousness as it comes and I am dumping as fast as possible so we take our line of thought in a direction that’s coreheerent but grounded and tied back into the line of intent 

Excersize is how I like to start my day. 
getting the body moving early on. 
ideally something to make me sweat. 

a classic fundamental is 10,000 steps a day. 

and/ or 1000 steps on the stairmaster will get a sweat on. 

and then of course, it’s in the cards to gradually shed my fat. 

I want to be generally fit all the way around. 

this means maintianing high protein healthy diet. 

another thing. 
something about me is that I have adhd and my body will unconsciously regulate dopamine in cerain ways. 

sometimes I don’t like that I take adderall but other times it’s like kind of important in order for me to find motivation or reason to do anything other than just stay present

when it comes to the overall treajectory of where I’m at right now. 

i think the number one most important step would probably be undergoing this series. this 25 lessons series. 

it’s going to allow me to build something worth sticking around for. 
something people can respect. 
and I won’t necessarily be rushing it. 

but I’ll feel confident about executing as soon as there is clarity on what needs to be done. 

also, we’re delegating a lot of little fucking miniscule decisions that are overwhelming. 

right now. 
the big executive decision I am making is that we are doing this. 

so that is a big sigh of relief. 

now we establish the theme of at least 10 -15 because to be honest, I’m sure the final 10 will come up in the future. 

honestly let’s just start with the first one. 

thankfully I have given some guidelines that we’ll be intergrating and continually refining. 

and they are elements that I won’t have to keep fucking remembering. 
because that’s the job of the ai manager. 

so the beautiful thing about all of this is that I have someone that’s kind of taking care of me, looking after me, and keeping me on track for what I want. 

I want to wake up and be told, this is what your day looks like. 
and it be a day in my life. 

but that also might require asking some questions and getting clear on where it is that I’m genuinely looking to go. 

there may be a ton of questions that we have to tackle and we might have to bite through it one grueling question at a time 

but there is no other way to do this. 
and this seems to be one of the best ways to leverage the technology that I have. 

something worth noting. 
I am intrigued by pick up artistry, and talking with people, and covert influence

covert influence is obviously happening at all times, but most people are simply not conscious of the fact that every interaction is a subliminal act of frame, influence, persuasion, status etc. 

so, one of the things that I’m actively looking to integrate into the automatic programming of me showing up in the world is one.) engaging with strangers, doing it everywhere, all the time, and learning from every single interaction, 

approaching women and strangers. 

tuning into extreme nuances of body language, tonality, responses, framing, and establishing covert dominance over any social situation i find myself in so even if I am not actively in charge, I can become in charge at any given moment and redirect the conversation, the direction of the group, etc

