

alright here we go. 

freewriting again. 
i like this. 

it feels like some sort of structure is gradually being formed. 
I find identity useful. 

deconstructing reality gets too heady and where it can be spiritually necessary, it can also just derail you from building anything worthwhile. 

obviously there is this false expectation that spiritual truths ought to be pursued once you “have the freedom to do so” meaning you take care of your bills your debts, get secure etc etc

but in reality, it is a walk. 
a walk that is partnered with the development of one’s “self”

well, at least that is where I’m choosing to walk right now. 
I don’t particularly feel called to become a monk at this specific point in my life. 

although it’s not out of the question entirely. 

anyways, back to reality. 

went to the gym today
and met like 5 people

taylor, tyler erin, mia and josh

taylor is this girl that I’ve been running into for a while. 
but we never met. 

today she came and started her stairmaster right next to me. 
it was nice to finally have the ice broken

anyways. 

today, we’ll gain more clarity on the 25 lessons from a 20 something year old. 

the title needs to be refined, but the whole scripting and story boarding process needs to be refined also. 

let’s dive into this script rn might as well, right. 

discipline as a love language. 

here’s just some beliefs about discipline and some observations. 

discipline shows you who people are. 
you can look at discipline as a track record. 
you can look at discipline as an analysis of character. 

because discipline is happening whether we are conscious of it or not. 

if someone is disciplined to be upset, unhappy, overweight, distracted, angry, then it shows up in what they say yes and no to. 

honestly, the two most useful identities to index oneself is VICTIM vs VICTOR

i.e.

the discipline, characteristics, the mindset, the lifestyle choices and habits of these two groups tend to be polar. 

and knowing which category you unconsciously identify with is really important, because it helps you become self-aware about how you’re showing up in the world

because victors adopt empowering beliefs. 
victims adopt limiting beliefs. 

victors are the masters of reframing a situation. 
victims believe that the world is out to get them. 

victors live in abundance. 
victims live in fear. 

so when you excersize discipline it’s a way of showing love to yourself. 
it’s a way of saying. 
hey, I know what’s best for you. 
and staying focused on the path we’re on right now is going to help you out. 

if you make a commitment, it’s important to follow through. 

if you fuck up, then confess. 
confessions build character. 
a person who breaks their commitment ought to face the shame of fucking up. 
because that shame is there to indicate that you did something that you should not have. 

that shame is there to indicate that you broke a promise, it’s there to build integrity, respect, self-worthiness, self esteem, self-love, trustworthiness, loyalty, honesty. 



