

are we gonna start now>?

okay word. 

today we’re focusing our thoughts and honing in on our next steps. 

first things first, resubmitting my tax extension is the move, so let’s do that. 

then we get into the dynamics of the audio tools and partnership with seed. 

THIS IS WHAT I”VE BEEN FEELING

seeems like as I tune into my spirit and my soul, I was called to come back to my tapes and export a new version. 
one that can be used by people as a digital product
as I’ve done this, I’ve recognized i don’t want to be a teacher or guru or coach or anything like that,. 

i’m an artist. 

and the best way for me to embodybeing in the most authentic way is for me to move in the spirit.

this way I’m able to stay in alignment
what does this look like practically right at this moment?

well I am expecting a payout from dante the founder of seed. 

but I can’t help but feel called to ask if he’d be open to some sort of collaboration and continued payout

this is because one, the infrastructure is already there for people to use the tools. 

I don’t have to build it all myself, and that’s not even what I want to do. 

it would all be out of obligation because truly, I’m called to be an artist. 
but this is a way for me to be able to help people out who are struggling with the demons of addiction and psychological warfare< and also get paid to fund my artistic journey. 

I believe that with 3500-4000 a month I could do this quite comfortably. 
it would lay the financial security and foundation for me not to slip into a scarcity mindset, and for me to remain in an abundant state and continue to thrive and grow from there. 

this is a request to a friend and brother on the spiritual realm to consider an opportunity to not only help thousands of people around the world with thier problems, but also help a brother do what his soul mission truly is. 

i’m an artist first, then an entrepreneur, and as much as I love business, my mission is to perform live around the world. 

help elevate the consciousness of those who come to my shows. 

using the knowledge and spiritual guidance I strive to be tuned into. 

as you may or may not know, for the last 5 months I’ve been building an album that I’ve poured my heart into

for me to give myself a fair shot, I need the financial security to know that for the next 6-7 months I can fully devote myself to the purpose I have been called to. 

i think this dynamic is especiially mutually beneficial. 

I’m interested in creating more tapes, but I don’t want to build my own app, my own website, my own landing page, my own brand to distribute these products. 

so the fact that everything here has been orchestrated and framed for a continuation of tapes, it just makes sense in the moment, and I hope it’s something that dante can see. 

I hope I can communicate with enough clarity and conviction that that this is a win win win for every party involved.

now, when it comes to managing the logistics of this tribe interview upcoming in about 1 hour and 20 minutes. 

a quick run down of my story. 

a year and a hlaf ago i moved to sf because I knew there was alpha in tech
and so many people are going about building their brand as an artist using outdated strategy and techniques. 

along the way, i came across marczell and learned about hypnosis. 

my many years as a live performer translated very well, similar to that of a surfer who’s been surfing for many years going to a physics seminar and learning about the techinicalities of physics rather than the intuitive side of things

it’s enabled me to strategically build a series of psych tech tools designed to help people reprogram their subconscious minds. 

now, at this seminar with marczell, i learned how to do it by watching marczell and it just clicked for me because a lot fo the fundamentals translate as a front man of a show

at this time, I was not on speaking terms with my mother, as we had some tension growing up due to the fact that she’s been an alcoholic most of my life. 

about halfway through the year, after many months of learning the technical foundation of hypnosis, I starting iterating on a psych tech product

my startstride audio tools

the initual use case of this product/ tool was intended for resolving the subconscious trauma that had developed as a result of my toxic relationship with my alcoholic mother

at that time, a large part of my unconscious identity was being the son of an alcoholic and having a bad relationship with my mom

you can imagine how this manifested in my relationship with the devine feminine not only within myself but in the world around me. 

my relationship with the spiritual feminine suffered immensely. 

and thanks to these tapes, I was able to heal greatly

not only that, but my first hypnosis session with my mother helped her resolve childhood trauma that was a major factor in her relapse conditioning

after 18 years of alcoholism, she sobered out with no followup session for 2 whole months

no aa
no workshops 
nothing like that


our relationship, while still healing, is better than it ever has been and it is due to hypnosis

anyways, i kept iterating on these tools

i knew that I kept having agreat results with my one on one clients from healing OCD, addiction, anxiety, low self-esteem, depression, you frucking name it. 

the thing was I wanted to experience those results for myself, and I can’t hypnotize myself in person. 

and I knew that I could create the best tapes in the world. 
because the one thing I have confidence in, regarding how I’m better than marczell is that I can create better audio tools than him

my experience with hypnosis, entertainment, and music production has allowed me to do so. 

so I kept iterating. 

and kept making tapes. 
come to find out, one of my great buddies near the end of last year was designing and app called protect your seed, 

this is an app designed to help men heal their toxic relationship with porn.

when I heard about this, I asked to collaborate., 

I knew that what I was building was specifically equipped to help it’s users. 

so i built a series of tapes integrated into this app. 

it’s gotten tens of thousands of downloads, the discord has over 3000 members and people are using it all around the world. 

near the end of last year, i felt an incongruence in my soul,
pursing hypnosis as a businessman didn’t feel in alignment with who I am at a spiritual level

it left me feeling depressed confused and lost

mind you, this is right after completing my advanced certification of hypnosis with marczell klein

so around the new year, 
things came together and I just started making music with one of my producer friends from nachville, as I perform with a band and the audio engineer of the badn is a great producer

we spent the next four months which have been the past four months 

building an album

and it’s coming quite close to it’s completion

which has brought me where I am today

an entrepreneur with psych-tech product
and an artist with entertainment product

but, an artist/ entrepreneur that has been grinding solo for so long

not really feeling like I have a tribe that really holds the same insights or values as me

I’m too artist for SF
I’m too techie for nashville

it’s been a mindfuck regarding identity
and has caused just enough suffering to remind me that the only thing that really matters or really even exists is the present moment

so I wake up every day and tune into the shit
i stay as present as possible and listen closely in aims to hear instruction from a higher presence, and obey to the best of my ability

which has brought me precisely to this call 