

DAY 9 OF CODING. THOUGHT DIVE & REFLECTION

couple ideas here. I think the custom hypnosis app is some sort of feature of a bigger comprhensive but simple app. 

i would love a community of 1000 people to be legitimate users of my application. 
like diehard fans. 

i want to build a tribe and community of people who are fully in. 
who are 100% in. 
like who are along for the ride. 

1000 users = 30,000 MRR,, generally speaking

this will fully suppport my career as an artist and also give back to my community and the people who support me. 
it’s the number one way somebody who legit supports me for me can not only help me, but be helped as well. 

another idea is creating some sort of fork of this code and literally just ripping it and givving 50% equity of each business to every single mindfulness influencer. 

the risk here is that they’ll reject it and copy the app and just build it themselves. 
but depending on how it is sold, we could do this pretty well. 

i’m thinking maria + em on the brain

anyways. 

the main landing page I want a super beautiful logo. 
when it comes to design, we can scroll through tons of different design logo’s / pinterest photos and ai generated photos and shit. 

ALSO. 
this is lowkey major and more short term. 

i’d love to create a course or a foundation for people to go through.
literally collect the wood chips. 
I’m building this thing, I should make an update every few days. 
and a comprehensive but simple breakdown of where we are and what we are building. 

for example. 

this week I started coding. 
this is literally my 9th day coding ever. 
and I have learned so much. 

i don’t think people with tech backgrounds really get just how intimidating getting into this world as an active coding participent really is to a non-dev. 

the ux of a simple page of code to a non-dev is one of the most disorienting things in the human experience. 

i know it might sounds ridiculous if you’re from SF or toronto
but this is just true for most of the world. 

the thought of bridging the gap to participate in that domain when you’re expertise is in any other domain really, it’s dreadful. 

and this is coming from someone who had a natural proclivity towards mathematics. 
my favorite class was calc 2. 

but truly, and I mean truly, for the artist. the creatives. the builders. those that have vision and taste. those taht see things that others don’t yet see. 

the time is now. 
there is more leverage now than there ever has been. 

and it’s just on the other side. 

i WISH, the the DAY cursor came out. 
somebody who knew me well and somebody who understood the implications of cursor. 
I WISH they had contacted me and INSISTED that i learn. 
i wish they had held my hand through creating a new project. 

but that’s okay. timing is everything and everything happens for a reason. 

there was still some healing for me to do in the seasons leading up to the one I am in now. 

I’m super grateful fo rmy friend Kareem. 

he is someone who encouraged me. 
when I had limiting beliefs of my own that I didn’t know how to work through. 

he helped me get from 0-.5 

and that made such a profound difference. 
it’s like a bird that’s scared to jump because he’s never flown before. 

kareem held my hand and in like 5-10 minutes I had the first iteration of my app idea. 

along the way we’ve learned a lot. 
I started with cursor. 

and the first thing I did was manually vibe code the thing I had paying typeform 60/ a month to create. 
a simple  great ui/ ux funnel questionnaire. 

but what type form didn’t provide me was the creative freeedom to take it literally any direction that I wanted to go. 

the biggest friction that I had experienced up until this point is having confidence and intention into the roots of how an idea is created. 

when it comes to music, youre connected to it through the soul. 
if you are a musician you understand. 
if you’re a melody or songwriter, you know the depths in which you are energetically connected to what you’re making. 

and the disconnect with any platform that was provided is that I was using other people’s bricks to build a fortress that needed to be created with my original material. 

the thing that keeps me going is the journey of creation. 
it’s the freedom to build what I want and build it HOW i want to. 

and when you’re dependent on A. 
a platform that is inherently limited in how you use it. 

and / or B
other developers that 1. deserve equity or pay and 2 don’t fully grasp the depth of utility in your vision/ app

it can be fucking brutal. 
truly, it can be so fucking brutal. 

I’m a weirdo. 
I am. 

I don’t fit in. 
I’m not incospicuous.
I’m loud, edgy, cringe, differnt, awol, and a WILDCARD. 

but I am a reliable wildcard. 
and I’m the king of user experience. 
especially live user experience. 

and I do have good taste.
I know what is good. 
I can sense greatness in things. 

I’ve been cultivating for years and years and years. 

and the coolest thing with where I’m at now, is that before I had access to these platforms. before I knew what they were and how to use them. (and I’m TOTALLY still learning) 

I think that at an unconsciuos level I so desperately was fronting to be understood just so that I could generate enough traction to get the leverage that I thought I wanted. 

but really, the leverage isn’t in capital. 
it’s in skillset. 

SURE there’s tons of leverage in capital. 
but if you REALLY wanna hear the truth. 

80% of becoming great at any given skill, is drilling the FUNDAMENTALS. 
THE FOUNDATION. 

It’s cultivating the concrete from which you can innovate and elevate. 

e.g. and the reality is that if a skill has 100 different possible use cases. 
20% of those use cases are really “all that matter” 

i say all that matter in quotes because it’s not literally all that matters. it’s not that /technically/. 

but it DEFNITELY is that practically. 

so let’s contextualize this even further. 

becoming a great dancer.
it’s building foundation in any given style. 

with hip hop. 
hip hop classes in studios are marketing choreo. 

they are marketing features. 
but you copying someone’s movement doesn’t actually gice you the fundamentals for what it takes to dance. 

you forking someone’s code doesn’t actually give you the knowledge or skill to build an app of your own from scratch. 

and sure, modelling others is how we learn. 

it’s how we train LLM’s and also our Biological LLM
mimicry is one of the greats forms of adaptation that has allowed us to evolve as homosapiens. 

this especially is true in societal frames. 
if you are too much of a whacko, you’re osctricized. 

this is definitely why I spent two years getting very comfortable with understanding the FUNDAMENTALS of Hypnosis so that my confidence wouldn’t waver when ignorant people automatically jump to conclusions. 

self-confidence is based in definite true knowledge. 
lack of definite true knowledge is just egotism. 

but, this is the thing. 
definite true knowledge doesn’t have to be TECHNICAL. 

a lot of people in SF tech world don’t intuitively understand this. 

take a surfer for example. 
he’s surfed the ocean waves for 10 years. 
a seasoned veteran at his craft. 
hours and hours. 

but, has never take physics. 

Imagine judging this person’s competency based on their technical understanding of amplitude. imagine trying to understand a master of their craft by deconstructing the velocity one should paddle at before catching a wave. 

at some point, it becomes fucking stupid. 
truly. it becomes fucking stupid. 

there is no possible way that you’re conscious mind can process and manage all of these data points. 

it’s a toxic beta-brainwave circle jerk of needing to understand the science of how shit works before actually fucking building. 

before actually fkn executing. 
before diving in and FEELING the water. 
by syncing up with the system. 
by syncing up with the environment’s variables. 

this is the thing. 
this is exactly what your subconscious mind is doing at all times. 

you’re receiving 11,000,000 bits of information every second into your unconsciuos mind. 

you’re only able to process 7-11 bits of information at a time with your conscious mind. 
it’s assinine. 
so many people don’t understand the basic FUNDAMENTALs of how human psychology works. 

and really. 
this is why I don’t care too much to explain it to people in a comprehensive phD kind of way when they ask. 

tbh, it’s not my responsbility to teach you. 
I’ll tell you what my product does. 
and I’ll tell you with conviction that’s based on definite true knowledge. 

but I’ll speak from a place of practical, hands on experience. 
from someone who’s been in the water, feeling the waves, callecting the data, and intuitively syncing up and gathering the most pontent context to be experienced in my craft. 

NOT from the shore. 
not from the inside, reading books. 

I can’t tell you how many people in SF I know that are OBSESSED with biometrics but haven’t optimized their physiology. 

my physiology I have optimized better than people who extensively track their biometrics. 

how does that make sense??

it’s cuz theory and thinking is VICE. 
it’s cuz theory and thinking are COPE. 

it’s cuz THEORY and THINKING is overcompensatioin for lack of action. 


don’t get me wrong. 
sometimes there are season of life where you got to lock in and truly roll up your sleeves and get down to the knitty gritty of how a system works at the rudimentary level. 

but in these seasons, gaining hands on experience is going to be the best option here. 

if I’m being honest with myself, I really ought to hypnotize in person 1000 more people for my confidence to be where it needs to be at as a performer. 

for me to perform as a hynotist. 

so let’s do it. 
it will come in time. 
first the MVP

okay I think this is a good stopping point for today. 





