

made a lot of progreess by spending 4 hours on a video yesterday

honestly it was a banger but like, I feel llike i got to come up with some different strategies

or maybe I need community,
like mino community
or maybe I need to use my sexual energy to invest into something else like transmute

or maybe I need to get clear on what it is I actually want

or maybe I need to stop being lazy
am I being lazy or am I just enjoying my life? 

or maybe I actually want a simpler life than I thought
or maybe life is simpler than I thought

or maybe I just want to make music
or maybe I don’t really give a fuck
or maybe I give all the fucks

or maybe

or maybe I need to do something 

okay enough of this crap let me keep flowing

I AM GRATEFUL FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO SAY AND DO WHAtever I want
like a lot of people don’t have the guts to be unhinged and out of pocket

a lot of people have social anxiety and don’t get me wrong, I am self conscious and self aware but I just am so inherently rebellious that I will do some out of pocket shit just as a way of showing me that I don’t give a fuck

but then I actually end up giving a fuck because I don’t want to be rejected but me not being different or standing out is kind of me like rejecting myself

life gets boring, you gotta keep things interesting
you have to give other people something to live for

the sunflowers are a prop

dead internet theory approaching rapidly
nobody cares as much
shit is saturated

I don’t care about other people’s art as much
it’s all a means to an end

but what am I gonna do, sit here and pout?
like I have to believe in something. 

I think it’s worth it to build out a little bit more infrastructure. 
aka make some more videos. 

and then we can get something going. 
but this is the something that is going. 

like, what exactly are my systems. 
what systems exactly are we building. 
do I really want to be an independent artist? 

I want freedom to do whatever the fuck I want to whenever the fuck I want to 

but regardless of that, i do have to build community. 

I have to find people that resonate with me. 
I have to find people that support me and want to see me thrive. 
And that sometimes means taking a step away from anything and everything you know to experience a contrast in your world. 

I must remain patient. 
I must have faith. 
I must be constientious of what I’m consuming. 
of what I am programming my mind with. 

what am I watching. 
what am I indulging in. 
what are my habits. 

can I engineer an ai assistant? 

one that calls me and keeps tabs on me?
like one that helps me lock back in. 

it’s something I need to build rapport with so I get hurt if I blow it off, yknow? 

it’s like, I need to be emotionally invested in the relationship with my ai assistant. 
Or do I need to just be emotionally invested in the relationship with myself? 

Idk. 
I have a lot of peace. 
I have a lot of acceptance. 
I find it silly to care about a lot of worldy things. 
I find it silly to care about things in general. 

I might be healing. 
i think I’m definitely still healing. 
but like, what’s next. 

this free write is ass. 
a bunch of pretending to get work done when really I just want to frolick in the grass. 

Like, be sexy and move different 