

feeeling lke there are clear actionable steps that can be figured out to get me to the next level. 

seems like the most important thing right now is closing a high ticket deal. 

there’s definitely a part of me that doesn’t want a lot of things.

so the idea here is to get clear on what it is I actually do want. 
and like hormozi says do so much volume that it becomes unreasonable to not be successful. 

so ultimately a bucket list item is closing a 5 figure deal for hypnosis. 
if I do that once then that will be my standard for working with people 1 on 1 in the future. 

we can do a presentation to off season , that’s in the cards. 
that would be great for content too. 

but systems are where we are at. 
infrastructure. 
infrastructure. 
infrastructure. 

for everything that we are building. 
and elveraging ai to build infrastructure. 

to do this quickly as possible. 
I don’t even know what tools to organize all of this information and it starts to get to a point where I question, is this even what I want to do??

but let’s just start somewhere and it will work itself out. 

I think a great thing to do is build a VSL. 
specifically. 

get super clear on what exactly my offer is. 
what my offer does. 
and who my target demographic is. 

definitely it’s founders. 
and not startup founders. 

founders who are bringing in 10k+ profit a month. 
penny pinchers aren’t in my budget. 

See it seems I can identify what I don’t want but if my focus is alwys on what I don’t want then I’ll only be focused on what I don’t want. 

clear offer. 
okay clear offer. 

20,000 
4 month partnership. 
1 in person session every week. 

but it’s completely custom. 
completely personal to the business owner. 
optimizing every possible psychological area.

physiology, psychology, confidence, fears, income, money, fundraising, marketing

so cool we have a rough outline but yeah we have a rough outline for everything.
let’s make it.

best way is honestly is to bulk content


but let’s tie it back to what I really want. 
I want love. 
I want freedom. 
I want control. 
I want power. 
I want to be honorable. 
I want to be respectable. 
I want to have character. 
I want to be honest. 
I want to be righteous. 
I want to be holy. 

I want security. 
I want peace. 

and right now I have until august 7th to make something happen. 
that’s 14 days.

so let’s at least build out aas much infrastructure as possible for systems that generate capital. 

at the end of the day we can distribute audio tools. 

I want to make 10 more for myself. 
Like 10 solid go to tapes that I can use whenever I need to lock in on any given area. 

and to install unconscious competency. 

great so then it all comes back to what;s the KPI’s what are the clearest actions we can identify that will actually push the needle forwards. 

1. reefining the offer. confidence in exactly what it is. 
2. VSL ???
3. systemization. 
can people pay me money just by coming across my page and falling through funnels. 

and then it takes me back to is this really what I ought to be doing?
well here’s the deal. 

I can also raise money for my art. 
there’s enough people out there that would probably be willing to donate or subscribe. 

but honestly, this method makes me a slave to the benefactors. 
I’m not interested in catering or pandering to anybody. 

nobody is my authority except for the great I AM 

nobody. 
and in this instance I feel existentially obliged and compelled to speak my soul. 

for it’s not me who’s speaking but rather it’s me who’s channeling from a higher power. 

I am bold. 
I am courageous. 
I bow to none.
except the great IAM THAT I AM

so once again let’s continuously get clear on what we need to do to get to where we want to be. 

I am not sure how n8n / ai agents are going to play a role in this but I simply cannot do this anymore. 

i can’t stand jason and the control he indirectly attempts to exersize over my life. 

it’s great that we are where we are because things are changing


