

I’m here at a funeral right now it’s right after a cruise trip.

i drank a lot on the cruise ship ate like shit tooI think there’s a fogginess to my brain that’s being filtered out./
we’re hangin in there but I have gotten slash I’m at the point where it’s time to lock in

i hate it here
i hate not having leverage I hate being around people that have more authority or leverage just by default . this is my life and I deserve authority I deserve power I am worthy of it and in any case I am capable of weilding it

it’s time to recognize the responsibility of being that has been bestowed upon me. 
Moving in completel faith.
get clear on the services I can provide to othe3rs and the value that it holds at an inherent level. 
there is no compromising. 
I will not accept anything else. 

this means I have to get very clear on my offer. 
I have to go back over my offer. 

honestly, no, it just means I have to close a deal. 
there’s plenty of prospects. 
and they are all around me.

tell me what you’d like to know. 
tell me what you’d like to see and think and feel. 

the future is mine. 
the present is mine. 






















it’s only appropriate for me to keep pushing. 
specifically in the realm of comfort and power. 
I am sick of myself in this condition. 
What needs to be done? 

I am so sick of complicit behavior. 
I am so sick of my complaency. 
settling for whatever happens. 

and it’s comfortable and it’s peaceful. 
but I have realized the love I thought I might lose - aka it’s not even conscious. 

have to figure out if there is fear and where the fear even comes from. 
what do I fear I will lose in acquiring power. 

I am willing to distance myself from those that are close to me. 
and you know what. 
so be it. 

it doesn’t matter. 
I cannot compromise my mission, my purpose, my power, just because it might not be understood by someone who claims to love me. 

if you love me, you’ll fucking get it. 
if you love me, you’ll respect it. 

cuz honestly I don’t want your care. 
I want your respect. 
fuck your care. 
fuck your love. 

show some god damn respect. 
sure this might come across as indifnation. 
but hey, maybe just do the math here. 

i’m so done. 
I’m done with the golden handcuffs. 
I’m not doing this anymore. 

and I don’t want to forget. 
I don’t want to let this shit slide,. 

I’m the best.
I’m the fucking best. 
I’m the fucking best. 

I’m here to lock in. 
let’s make some fucking money.
let’s close some fucking deals. 

bro get off of my dick. 
i need to get the fuck out of here. 

what the hell even is this. 
is this the life? 

sure. 
I can find peace. 
but I don’t have to. 
I don’t have to settle for all of this. 

abundance. 
abundance comes from faith. 
abundance is faith. 

are you afraid or are you abudant?

so, generally. 
let’s accept where we’re at. 

I have programs to build and install. 
Let the subconscious programs run and do their things. 

But that might not be a necessity .
that’s not a necessity in order to close the first deal. 
I already have what it takes. 
I’ve already done what I need to. 
I already am who I need to be. 
