

Identiy free write. 

getting very clear on who i am becoming and what this verision of myself would feel. 

I feel powerful. 
I feel in control. 
I feel like nothing anybody says phases me or throws me off. 
no I feel grounded. 
so deeply rooted in presence and peace that there is complete acceptance of anything that happens, and deep security in the reframing and redirection of activity

I am here to build something that’s valuable and useful

people want to be entertained. 
people want something to believe in. 
people want something to be apart of. 
people want something to live by. 

people want a reason. 
people want hope. 

I think that on some end of the spectrum I feel some degree of nihilism. 
I’m not sure if I believe there is much of a reason for anything. 
I think it’s useful to build something, but mainly just to live a more comfortable life. 

like the whole point of life is to live a life more comfortably right? 

or is there something more. 

okay let’s hone back in. 
let’s get clarity. 

I’ll say this. 
the priming I did this morning by scrolling was bad. 
It did not help my mental focus and my mental clarity right now. 

I feel a little blurry, a little unconscious. 

but in this moment becoming present or aware of that helped. 

jeez this freewrite is lowkey just a ramble. 
that’s okay though. 

last night I was thinking about appointment setting and building an ai agent to do appointment setting for small business owners/ coaches. 

there are a million directions I can take things. 
it’s hard to know which direction to go. 
I really shouldn’t be the one making cinematic content and editing it. 
I really ought to have a team. 

but I don’t, so what do I need? 

more leverage. 
If I have more leverage I can hire a team. 
it’s this fucking loop of a loop of a loop of a loop of a loop and it’s not really helping me. 

pick one and shoot pick one and shoot. 
apparently I need to pick one and shoot. 

okay I suppose I will write a script for a hypnosis tape. 

the becoming. 
I might need helop getting clear on the person I want to be. 
I don’t like where my head is at right now. 

I can confidently say, mitigating my use of the phone first thing in the morning is something that needs to go into the habits. 

waking up early is something that needs to happen. 

I get up at 5:30 AM PST. 
This is 8:30 EST. 

Let’s make some shit shake. 
the energy is diffferent. 
the intention is cdifferent. 

excersizing first thing in the morning. 
getting a head start on the day. 

I don’t feel as savage working out later in the day. 
excersize is a necessary part of psychology. 

but this means I have my clothing systems down to a tee. 
I ought to have a series of workout clothes in advance. 

I have to have a clear picture for who I’m evolving into over the next 90 days. 
so that’s what we’re doing. 

refining this. 
maybe I need to go out in the world. 

maybe I need to street hypnosis. 
street perform. 
street collect data. 

we also need testimonials. 
testimonials for our product. 
for our offer. 

like what are we doingggggg?

am I building ai agents. 
am I building this or that. 

it’s cool. 
we’ll make it work. 
but I need to figure out who I’m servicing. 

the ai agents is completely different from the 1 on 1 offer. 
and if I’m going to have a clear offer then it’s vital to stop going in this circle of “i need to make an offer”

it’s entertaining to do anything but the work that needs to be done. 
unconsciously locking in on the results of the work that needs to be done. 

this is what is MOST important. 
this is what has to be the prime every morning and every everning. 

THIS is the why. 

all of the respect, the honor, the peace, the freedom, the security

sure it can come from full acceptance of what is. 
but no, I am capable of living up to a bigger potential. 
doing activities that actually pushes the needle. 

so let’s push the fucking needle. 


