

so many ideas. 
so many frameworks. 
concepts. 
thoughts. 
patterns.
beliefs.
structures. 

so many unconscious incentives. 
unconscious desires to be loved, accepted, relevant. 

all for what?

it’s not that I don’t believe in purpose. 
it’s that it seems purpose is just an illusion. 

and when one comes to that conclusion, how can they be inspired to share? 

because acknowledging that the frameworks are just that. 

how can one be authentic.
I feel like there are fears that are upheld by frameworks. 

were we ever meant to be exposed to so many tribes all at once? 

those who claim to have it figured out seem to just have more leverage in the game. 

more status. more power. more money. 

a more proficient understanding in influencing the world around them and managing their psychological turmoil. 

and let me be clear, this isn’t me bashing those who have it. 
it’s not my role to judge. 

don’t hate the player, hate the game. 

the game is the world. 

if I play the game I can at least build skills that are useful.
I can at least use frameworks that are useful. 

the alternative is suffering a life of stagnation. 
not pushing my limits of discomfort. 
but instead, just sitting and not doing anything. 

because when I let go of ego, when I let go of identity, 
I find myself sitting around just being as present as I can be. 

the frames we project are real. 
because they are real in our minds. 

but beyond the identity. 
beyond the ego, what is there? 

there’s still animalistic programs operating. 
idgaf what eckhart says. 

tired of being tired.



