

okay soooooo
this is the situation. 

i’m dumping ideas on this white n write

to some degree i feel like a flub
or a fool

like I can’t just keep being lazy. 

but sometimes that’s just what the moment calls for. 

I do feel healthier than I was. 
Mentally. 

I do feel like I have more clarity. 
especially on my identity / ego. 

slipping into unconsciousness is not ideal. 
but change happens now. 
and it happens when you become aware. 

my physiological compounds took over. 

but i still need to spend space being present for myself. 
my spirit. 
my soul. 

to be honest. 

I’m grateful that my relationship with alcohol is over. 
It makes me think about how much more life I have than if I still drank. 

but living a bigger life is something that’s possible. 
and honestly, it’s something that needs to happen. 

I am courageous. 
I need to do something that makes me uncomfortable every fucking day. 
living life is easy. 

why is it so fucking scary to talk to people? 
what’s the big deal about rejection?
why is being rejected so bad? 

I honestly just got fucking lucky. 
If i wasn’t naturally charismatic. 
If I wasn’t a little more good looking than the average guy. 
If I wasn’t upper middle class. 

then I probably wouldn’t have had the confidence to be the shit growing up. 
and even still, was I just compensating? 

I don’t even know. 

anyways.

here we are. 
and I’ll tell you what. 

I’m about ready to blitz. 

I don’t know what that looks like. 
But I do know that something has to change. 
I’ve started to have enough of being lazy. 

afterall. 
I’m 24. 
nearly 25. 

I want to spend the next 5 years of my life living the richest life that I can. 

