

okay let’s dive into the next season. 

i think i’m here for balance. 
trading, edits, storytelling. brandbuilding. 

community, relationships, mobility, dance, culture. 

soul, spirit, love, passion, discipline. health. 

let me talk about denise. 
I love spending time with her. 

it seems that the connection we have is really special. 
but i told her that i needed some space. 
we’ve been spending a lot of time with her and she’s been in my headspace a lot. 

now that I’ve asked for space, I wonder if this is truly what I wanted. 
or if I was sabotaging a good thing. 

only time will tell. 
it may hurt if the next time we hang out she is not as invested as she was on the front end. 
or if she isn’t as present. 

but at the same time, what if it’s deeper. 
what if it’s richer. 

my intention is to increase the degree of sexual tension. 
when we reconnect, it seems there is promising emotional foundation, but I am interested in advancing our relationship dynamic along with more sexual tension. 

and yet my intention to have space is to make sure that I don’t lose myself in her. 
I must remember women have a longer timeline. 

take it easy. 
we don’t need anyone falling in love. 

i think that it’s great that neither one of us are seeking a partner that needs or wants a serious or committed label

like it’s great that denise doesn’t feel the need to try to make me her boyfriend

anyways. 
the process of me not losing myself, is more so a process of staying grounded and balanced in all these areas of life. 

which means that I’m setting the intention to building the pillars of the next season of my life. 

dance is definitely there. 
so is brand. 

looks like I might work on an app with someone too. 

but ultimitaly these are all things that bring me joy and are fun over the long term. 
something that I can see myself investing into over the next 5 years. 

not denise necessarily. 
but dance. 
mobility. 
brand. entertainment. 
my show. 
diet. 
sexiness. 
social dynamics. 


 