

okay. 

i’m in loops maybe. 
let me figure out a way to talk. 
freewriting is meant to just get it all off the head. 
free the mind clear the thoughts out so we can start from a new slate. 

lot of girls on my mind. lot of denise lot of abby to be honest. 
a lot of pain but it’s really healing. 

finding out denise hooked up with someone else killed me but getting with abby has been so healing. 

i feel safe with her. 
Like i can trust her. 
she feels someone I can emotionally confide in. 
you know, kind of like a safe space

also our sex is so fun. 
we’re super connected and we have a great time with each other. 
it’s not too serious. 

this dynamic has allowed me to get a clearer picture on the denise dynamic. 

take a step back and emotionally detach from her as much. 
idk where she stands but I think that I have a little buit of resentment, which I really shouldn’t, because the promise I made was no promises or expectations lol so it’s kinda confusing. 

but it’s been great because now I have reps with a 10. 
and the next time I’m dating a 10, I’ll have more experience. 
it’s not gonna be that wild. 

which is another reason I lowkey want to smash

if I’m being super honest, yeah, there is like this game in my head like a challenge accepted, which on one end seems kind of messed up but on the other end it’s understandeable 

i feel like I was played
i feel kinda stupid anbout it

and yet, here I am maybe doing the same thing to abby?
it’s different

these are just thoughts. 
they aren’t actual intentions. 
at least conscious intentions. 

look I’m not here to be a perfect man, I’m here to openly express and flow. 
and sometimes that looks or sounds fucking crazy but craziness is where a notable amount of genius derives from. 

anyways, i want to get it out. 
the thoughts of the girls. 

I’m just going to ride it out, and play it by ear. 
We’ll see what happens with denise the next time I see her. 

I at least now have this posture of confidence where I see her not below me you know but definitely not above me

I don’t feel inclined to take her as seriously as I have been and honestly this may be better for our dynamic

maybe this is what she was looking for to begin with..

i think I lost some respect for her, despite the fact that she did not act with behavior that was outside of the expectations of our relationship

abby is the real MVP in this circumstance

she has listened to by music numerous times
we vibe together so well
our chemistry is great

there are a few things that are like idk
but like, that’s with everybody

also, we are both on the same page that we are not dating dating and we are not in a relationship

with that being said, getting this out is a good way to say okay we’ve talked about it, let’s shift our focus

our unconscious focus and conscious focus towards the music career. 
towards the life as a solo artist. 

continuation of building the personal brand.

the priorities are to finish the context questions to train the gpt to make bronson ai. 

I would love to make the game ONE on it’s own website. 
maybe I can use n8n to figure out how to do that. 

this is a fun project that would teach me how to build shit and still be fun for me, yknow. 

definitely on my mind is the ai agency business still. 
I mean, closing a few different clients on retainer would be phenomenal. 

also, I’m thinking about Lauren too. 
I can definitely help streamline her business using ai agents. 

aside from this, 
I think it’s pretty imperative for me to allocate some time to getting super clear on what it is that I actually want. 

or at least spend some time building it out. 
jamming with chat gpt or something. 

who knows, maybe answering the context questions will help find that out.
clear out all the heady shit

another thing I want to talk about 
thinking about making a video today:

a big problem I see artist face is them believing that spending a lot of time and energy on a project translates to marketplace value. 

like huge misconception in the world of art. 

but artists Identities are so caught up in their work, that they sometimes they are blinded by the quality of their output. 

and this outpout, isn’t necessarily even the quality of their art. 

it can be the quality of their marketing too. 
you can have great art but if you tell 3 people, like what do you expect?

if you don’t want to have to worry about branding, distribution, or revenue
then either delegate logistics to a third party. 

or stop crying about how hard you worked on your art. 
no one cares. 

that is, until they do. 
but what you have to understand is that they don’t CARE because you put in all this time and energy. 

they CARE because resonates. 
they care because it speaks to them.

the pick me artist is the most insufferable to be around. 
the pick me artist is the most insufferable to support. 

you reek of scarcity. 
you reek of victimhood. 

either step up.
or shut up. 
 
