

okay. building an app. 
i have made way more progress in a week than in a long time. 

i have felt a ton of resistance over the past few months. not from a place of low confidence but more so low confidence in what to do. lack of clarity in direciton of movement. 

since “discovering” the world of dev work, it feels like things have opened up for me. 

i feel like I just learned to fly. 
I mean I’ve just had visions of creative projects that were dynamic and complex and it’s just now that I feel like I actually have the oeverage to build them at the production rate that seemed reasonable. 

the future is ninjapreneurship. 

small teams that are highly locked in and in sync. 

super in sync. 
anyways. there is a part of me that maybe has been neglecting the physical exrcise.I’m at the gym right now, i definitely need to sweat at some point. Finances are a little tight but part of that is from buying tokens. 

it’s okaythough I’m so locked in and pretty determined to have an MVP . 

i think the excersize would help my thought flow though.
but we have some more progress to make. 

the quality of thought flow is betteer when you’re warmed up. ANd excersize impacts psychology. 

anyways, one of the biggest most important things here was that last night i had hella downloads. hella downloads about the app. 

so something major here is liability. 

because we are claiming to reprogram the subconscious mind, there needs to be some waiver, / terms and conditions/ disclaimer that is compliant that basically removes responsibility from my party. 

akak any behvarioaral program, anything you instruct the tape to download into your subconscious is your responsibility. 

we are not responsibile for your emotions, behavior, etc. 

and something like *wink wink* to let them know this is for legal purposes. 

basically a comprehensive terms and conditions that is compliant and removes liability. 

one way to do this is framing this as a psychological art project. 
this is strictly for psych art/ not therapy. *wink wink*

etc etc. 
also. 
diving into the mobile intergration. 
picking up on major shortcut / design hacks from dante would be hella lit. 

okay honestly that’s kind of where we are at. 

i’m gonna talk about my dream because that’s what made me think of the liability thing. 

casey and I were in this car that was driving, we were drinking and smoking behind the wheelbut the interface of the experience was like a video game. 

I woke up in the passenger seat and casey was like on level 4-5 in GTA stars with the cops. 

it was fun att first but then it was like hold up this is real fucking life you need to chill bro. 
lots of cars crashed and then our car crashed. 

then a notification on the ui popped up and it said something like “this is real life. you are not allowed to go free. all parties have violated and are to be arrested”

then chaos ensues. 
casey tries to jump off a bridge, but he doesn’t die. 
then the next scene we’re at a funeral type court date hearing. 

there is a big lawyer white man who’s my attorney and three short other pa’s or judges or hearing agent’s who are POC short women 

I remember my lawyer being like, hey man I’ll do my best, but him not seeming too confident. 

then the ruling came out that we were all to be sentenced to death in about a year. 

i remember feeling like the ruling was hella unfair because I wasn’t the one who was driving. 

also I looked at the fine print and I realized that we were under hypnosis or something that we weren’t even conscious of the fact that we were driving a real life car maybe? 

the details are kind of fuzzy. 
anyways. I eventually woke up and realized that this was definitely a sign to encourage not only ethical intentions in the system prompting 

but like, to make sure that regardless of the prompting regardless of how people use the tool, that I am not legally responsible for any behavior, emotions, or anything that can be deemed autonomous to the receipients. 

anyways. Ruling goes in. 
I realize okay cool I’m cooked I gotta leave the country. 

i’m in a field after wards, dad hands me some cash and his wallet and says goooo runn

I’m thinking colombia. 

anyways. 
I’m on the road and I’m trying to make edits/ updates to my app. 

and my email/ profile is tied to the iinternet system. 
it’s basically prohibiting me from building under my name because I’ve broken the law or I’m wanted or something. 

so I find myself on the bus, I’m with dante and we’re talking about optimization of dev work. 

he’s showing me how he organizes his tables and files and shit. 
and I remember seeing this vision of a digital 3 dimensional ui ux

it’s hard to describe but kind of like you’re peering into another 3 dimensional world. 

like if there was a portal. 
this might be something better built with cad or something. 
some multvariabled dimension of user experience.


