

sometimes you need to go too far in order to find out how far you really ought to go

when it comes to discovering your voice, when it comes to doing things that are in alignment with who you are

it’s important to taste a bunch ofshit and then find yourself marking things off of the box

off the list 

this is me
this is not me
this is me 
this is definitey NOT me

oh this is definitely me

ehhhh this is me but like not so muchhm idk about this, i’ll try it out and see if this is actually me

and sometimes if you feel like you’re in a rut, it’s worth doing a series of actions completely outside of the norm
completely outside of what you would regularly do

just to expirement with who you could be. 
as much as I love the mindset that entrepreneurship crafts, I honestly despise the rigidity of routine. 

or maybe it’s not that I despise the rigidity of routine but maybe it’s I am addicted to chaos because it’s the only way I know how to live. 

maybe novelty is the thing that keeps life interesting. 

it’s because you learn so much from trying new things. 
and where I can see myself slowing down at some point in my life, and sticking to things that are more in alignment with routine, 
in this season of life, it seems to me like the unpredictibility is a strength of mine. 

the art of doing the unexpected. 
being the odd one out. 
standing out gives me identity and so to fit in makes me feel like I’m someone that I’m not. 

i don’t subscribe to many institutionalized schools of thought. 
and this alienates me a lot of the time. 

but the way I see it, is I can lead the way. 
I can do things that people haven’t done before. 
I have the opportunity to tell a story that people are interested in hearing about, learning from, and living vicariously through me

the fear of looking stupid has killed more dreams than looking stupid ever has 

a lot of principles have been internalized
